
After PIPS-NLP is built, two executable files are generated: 'pipsnlp_serial' and 'pipsnlp_parallel'. Option file 'pipsnlp.parameter' can be used to specify options for the two executables. See 'pipsnlp.parameter for' description of the supported parameters. Note that 'pipsnlp.parameter' should be placed in the folder where the executable is ran.


## pipsnlp_serial 
This executable solves the problem in serial, without exploiting the scenario structure of the problem. The Newton linear system is treated as a big sparse matrix and solved in serial with one of the linear solvers that PIPS-NLP was built with (MA27, MA57, etc). 

The usage is:
	pipsnlp_serial problem.nl 
where problem.nl is the problem NL file generated by AMPL or PYOMO.

 
## pipsnlp_parallel 
This executable exploits the problem structure and solves the problem in parallel, using reduced-space or stochastic scenario structure.

The usage is 
	mpirun -np N pipsnlp_parallel probRootName_ val 
where 'N' is the number of MPI processes, 'probRootName' is the problem root/prefix name, and 'val' specifies how many .NL files or scenarios are loaded. 

For example,
	mpirun -np 3 pipsnlp_parallel probRootName_ 3
pipsnlp would load three NL files  (names: probRootName_1.nl, probRootName_2.nl, and probRootName_3.nl) and would solve the problem in parallel using 3 MPI processes. 

For the stochastic scenario structure, there are currently two approaches to handle the linking matrices corresponding  to constraints involving first-stage and second-stage variables. By setting option AddSlackParallelSetting=0 (default option), the ASL matrix returned by the scenario's .nl file is split into three matrices: a matrix of constraints involving first-stage variables only, a local constraint matrix with columns corresponding to 2nd stage variables, and a local matrix with columns corresponding to 1st stage variables. A map is kept internally to allow quick copying of values from the .nl file ASL matrix into PIPS' internal matrices. When AddSlackParallelSetting=1 is used, additional slack variables and constraints are introduced to "lift" the problem and to circumvent the need to split the .nl ASL matrices. This approach requires less preprocessing time, but results in a larger size of the problem and, thus, can lead to longer execution times than option AddSlackParallelSetting=0.

Note that currently the reduced-space solver only supports approach 1 (AddSlackParallelSetting=0).








